we're moving from Cleveland Ohio to
Clifton Park in New York it's about it's
actually 499 miles away
very open floor plan very beautiful set
back in the woods and we're very excited
Ella and the yard is not as big as the
yard we have now but I think it's plenty
plenty big enough and we won't have to
worry about you know chasing dogs out
torch which we do frequently there is
always dog proofing especially with
greyhounds and they think anyone who
have greyhounds can understand that
so they've recently learned to open
doors and they've walked Chris out of
the house I could climb in the window
I'm not a small person one of the key
features for us our sliding glass doors
in the bed in our bedroom in the family
room and from the sunroom which is good
because meatball like tries to you can't
open the door in which we came in to eat
dog so I think it's gonna be very
helpful we're gonna miss everyone it's
hard yeah it's hard for me to leave and
but she moved here away from all her
family and friends so she knows exactly
what it's right but her friends have
said they'll be my friend
thank you okay tell me what do you think
do you like it you love it
and Iggy what do you think Diggy do you
think you know Diggy
thanks for watching don't forget to
check out our last episode of life in
the doghouse and subscribe to our
YouTube channel thanks